samples: nrf9160: lte_ble_gateway: use new GNSS interface (#7141)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/lte_ble_gateway/README.rst

When the connection is established, it starts collecting data from two sensors:

* The flip state of the Thingy:52

> * The GNSS position data of the nRF9160

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The GNSS position data of the nRF9160 DK
```

      SPM: prepare to jump to Non-Secure image
      ***** Booting Zephyr OS v1.13.99 *****

#. Observe that the message ``LTE Sensor Gateway sample started`` is shown in the terminal window, to ensure that the application started.

> #. The nRF9160 will now connect to the network. This might take several minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The nRF9160 DK now connects to the network. This might take several minutes.
```
